Jenkins: Add "branch" support for build information (#1089)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/packaging-applications/build-servers/jenkins/pipeline.md

| `commentParser` | Yes | Valid values are `GitHub` and `Jira`.  |
| `overwriteMode` | Yes | Valid values are `FailIfExists`, `OverwriteExisting` or `IgnoreIfExists`. |
| `gitUrl` | No | The URL of the repository for the package(s). |
| `gitBranch` | No | The branch that was checked out in the repository. Available via `git checkout`. |

> | `gitCommit` | No | The commit ID in the repository. Available via `git checkout`. |

Author: @benPearce1  `The commit ID in the repository` doesn't sound quite right to me... maybe we can come up with something better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gitCommit` | No | The commit ID of the most recent commit on the branch. Available via `git checkout`. |
```
